docs/01howto/elements/inhoms.rst, before:

Inhomogeneities
===============

Polygonal inhomogeneities can be added in the following ways:

1. :class:`~timml.inhomogeneity.PolygonInhomMaq`, which is an inhomogeneity consisting
   of a regular sequence of aquifer - leaky layer - aquifer - leaky layer, aquifer, etc.
   The top of the system can be either an aquifer or a leaky layer.

2. :class:`~timml.inhomogeneity.PolygonInhom3D`, which is an inhomogeneity consisting
   of a stack of aquifer layers. The resistance between the aquifer layers is computed as
   the resistance from the middle of one layer to the middle of the next layer. Vertical
   anisotropy can be specified. The system may be bounded on top by a leaky layer.

3. :class:`~timml.inhomogeneity.BuildingPit`, which is an inhomogeneity similar to
   `PolygonInhomMaq` in which impermeable walls can be placed along the edges of the
   imhomogeneity in specified layers.

4. :class:`~timml.inhomogeneity.LeakyBuildingPit`, which is an inhomogeneity like
   `BuildingPit` but with leaky walls instead of impermeable walls. The resistance of the
   leaky walls can be specified.

Commit message:

Some doc changes and building pit updates (#99)
* add building pits to docs

* add 3D building pit elements
- add 3D versions of building pit elements (leaky and impermeable)
- allow resistance to be passed as array (LeakyBuildingPit)
- update docs

* add building pits to docs

* start of new docs (#93) (#98)

* start of new docs

* Create tutorial0_well_single_layer.ipynb

first tutorial notebook

* add sections following tip by @Hugovdberg
- merge nb output streams
- improve some toctrees
- improve tutorial nb (start w/ H1 heading)

* modified tutorial 0 and added tutorial 1

* renamed tutorial 0

---------

Co-authored-by: Mark Bakker <markbak@gmail.com>

* update nb

* Update index.rst

fixed some links

* update circular pit nb

* return intnormflux per layer and line segment

* update nb

* Updated documentation of intnormflux

* up version

* fix parallel builds for coveralls

* get rid of extra github icon

---------

Co-authored-by: Davíd Brakenhoff <d.brakenhoff@artesia-water.nl>

docs/01howto/elements/inhoms.rst, after:

Inhomogeneities
===============

The following polygonal inhomogeneities are available in TimML. Note that there are 
inhomogeneities for both multi-aquifer style models (:class:`~timml.model.ModelMaq`)
and single aquifer models (with multiple layers, :class:`~timml.model.Model3D`).

1. :class:`~timml.inhomogeneity.PolygonInhomMaq`, which is an inhomogeneity consisting
   of a regular sequence of aquifer - leaky layer - aquifer - leaky layer, aquifer, etc.
   The top of the system can be either an aquifer or a leaky layer.

2. :class:`~timml.inhomogeneity.PolygonInhom3D`, which is an inhomogeneity consisting
   of a stack of aquifer layers. The resistance between the aquifer layers is computed as
   the resistance from the middle of one layer to the middle of the next layer. Vertical
   anisotropy can be specified. The system may be bounded on top by a leaky layer.

3. :class:`~timml.inhomogeneity.BuildingPitMaq`, which is an inhomogeneity similar to
   `PolygonInhomMaq` in which impermeable walls can be placed along the edges of the
   imhomogeneity in specified layers.

4. :class:`~timml.inhomogeneity.BuildingPit3D`, which is an inhomogeneity similar to
   `PolygonInhom3D` in which impermeable walls can be placed along the edges of the
   imhomogeneity in specified layers.

5. :class:`~timml.inhomogeneity.LeakyBuildingPitMaq`, which is an inhomogeneity like
   `BuildingPitMaq` but with leaky walls instead of impermeable walls. The resistance of the
   leaky walls can be specified.

6. :class:`~timml.inhomogeneity.LeakyBuildingPit3D`, which is an inhomogeneity like
   `BuildingPit3D` but with leaky walls instead of impermeable walls. The resistance of the
   leaky walls can be specified.
